c:\users\yanislav\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JSONProcessing\ProductsShop.Client\bin\Debug\Imports\categories.json
c:\users\yanislav\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JSONProcessing\ProductsShop.Client\bin\Debug\Imports\products.json
c:\users\yanislav\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JSONProcessing\ProductsShop.Client\bin\Debug\Imports\users.json
c:\users\yanislav\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JSONProcessing\ProductsShop.Client\bin\Debug\ProductsShop.Client.exe.config
c:\users\yanislav\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JSONProcessing\ProductsShop.Client\bin\Debug\ProductsShop.Client.exe
c:\users\yanislav\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JSONProcessing\ProductsShop.Client\bin\Debug\ProductsShop.Client.pdb
c:\users\yanislav\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JSONProcessing\ProductsShop.Client\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\yanislav\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JSONProcessing\ProductsShop.Client\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\yanislav\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JSONProcessing\ProductsShop.Client\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\yanislav\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JSONProcessing\ProductsShop.Client\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\yanislav\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JSONProcessing\ProductsShop.Client\bin\Debug\ProductsShop.Data.dll
c:\users\yanislav\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JSONProcessing\ProductsShop.Client\bin\Debug\ProductsShop.Models.dll
c:\users\yanislav\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JSONProcessing\ProductsShop.Client\bin\Debug\ProductsShop.Data.pdb
c:\users\yanislav\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JSONProcessing\ProductsShop.Client\bin\Debug\ProductsShop.Data.dll.config
c:\users\yanislav\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JSONProcessing\ProductsShop.Client\bin\Debug\ProductsShop.Models.pdb
c:\users\yanislav\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JSONProcessing\ProductsShop.Client\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\yanislav\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JSONProcessing\ProductsShop.Client\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\yanislav\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JSONProcessing\ProductsShop.Client\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\yanislav\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JSONProcessing\ProductsShop.Client\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\yanislav\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JSONProcessing\ProductsShop.Client\obj\Debug\ProductsShop.Client.exe
c:\users\yanislav\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JSONProcessing\ProductsShop.Client\obj\Debug\ProductsShop.Client.pdb
c:\users\yanislav\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JSONProcessing\ProductsShop.Client\bin\Debug\Exports\products-in-range.json
c:\users\yanislav\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JSONProcessing\ProductsShop.Client\obj\Debug\ProductsShop.Client.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
